Develop high quality cloud-native web applications using Javascript/Typescript in React.
Break down complex requirements into independent coding tasks and strategies.
Create unit and integration tests to fully test and regress software Participate in design and code reviews.
Work with other teams (i.e. Product, PM, etc.) to ensure delivered code meets specifications based on functional/technical specifications.
Participate in Agile routines and ceremonies; daily standup, sprint planning, sprint demos/retrospectives.

Write clean, modern, scalable, and maintainable code for our web application.
Mentor junior engineers.
Participate in code reviews.
Contribute to architecture/design discussions.
Help lead and scale our engineering organization.

Collaboratively develop, design, and deploy interactive, dynamic UX solutions.
Leverage your own experience and expertise to guide the shape of the frontend.
Work alongside machine learning engineers to optimize visualizations and product experience.
Define, develop and maintain the role of the frontend within the product technology stack.

Identifying user behaviors through contextual research, interviews, focus groups, and facilitation.
Creating and executing usability tests.
Creating and caring for usable content through content audits, reviews, and governance.
Establishing the structure of a website or application by designing content layouts and navigation.
Designing user flows and human-computer interactions.
Developing and maintaining design wireframes, mockups, style guides, and specifications.
Determining use cases and user interaction to design solutions to support business objectives.
Carrying wireframes to delivery of final high fidelity UI mockups.
Creating micro-interactions and animations.
Designing and recommending visual styles and standards.

Contribute to new and existing projects by developing and maintaining and reliable set of edge applications.
Collaborate with other teams to build shared microservices that can serve many applications and scale independently.
Enable our product team to tap into our valuable data sources and build incredible features for our customers.
Actively participate in multiple Unanet development projects and work together to build high-quality solutions.
Provide constructive feedback on pull requests to increase code quality organically.

Designing and implementing the user interfaces of our flight booking website fluege.de for a seamless customer journey.
Creating, maintaining and extending our various web applications.
Enhancing our container-based (Docker, Kubernetes) frontend architecture.
Optimising the user experience for multiple devices using responsive and adaptive technologies.
Working on projects in collaboration with our Design, Project Management and Backend Teams.

Maintenance and development of our high traffic, customer facing web applications.
Demonstrate attributes of quality software engineering. Besides functionality, we strive for modularity and reusability.
Work in close collaboration with our Product Managers, Designers and Back End Developers from wireframes until release to users.
Take usability and UX seriously and ensure that our interfaces are user-friendly, beautiful and functional.

Design and implement UI with designers and back-end developers.
Review and design back-end API base on UI design plan.
Implement web front-end with JavaScript/HTML/CSS.
Build the libraries necessary for implementation.
Make UI components with designers.

Work closely with a cross-functional team of developers, QA engineers, and product managers.
Support and build on our existing front-end framework, as well as architect and transition to a new, more elegant framework solution.
Develop new user-facing features.
Build reusable code and libraries for future use.
Optimize application for maximum speed and scalability.
Participate in development life cycle activities including design, coding, testing and release for our proprietary platform.

Design and develop complex, high performance, and adaptive web applications.
Maintain quality code through unit and functional testing.
Perform root cause analysis of issues in production environments.
Use your understanding of algorithms and data structures to develop performant solutions.
Participate in code reviews and ship code on daily basis.
Collaborate with UX & Product to deliver new products features that adds business value.

Building the most efficient platform for on-demand food delivery, bleeding edge technical stack (ES6, React + Redux, Webpack).
Excellent knowledge of JavaScript (ES6+).
Proficient in React, knowledge of a modern React stack to handle side effects, styling, testing.
Experience with different testing approaches.
Experience with rendering large and complex datasets.
Understanding principles of component-driven architecture.
Experience with end-to-end testing.

Should have strong knowledge of html, css, bootstrap, jquery, photoshop.
Convert psd to html.
Basic knowledge of php framework codeigniter.
Independent handle goddady server.
Implement responsible web design principles to ensure that our company website renders well across multiple devices.
Design a framework for creating user apps that grows with the needs of the company.
Monitor website performance, watch for traffic drops related to site usability problems and rectify the issues.
Review app and feature coding and plan future website upgrades with the development team.
Assist in the development of applications and features that will be put on the website and in internal functions as well.

Write clean, modern, scalable, and maintainable code for our web application.
Mentor junior engineers.
Participate in code reviews.
Contribute to architecture/design discussions.
Help lead and scale our engineering organization.

Work closely in functional scrum units to deliver on the team priorities and OKRs.
Provide solutions, develop and maintain websites, and other related internal and external activities.
Responds rapidly to continuous changes and real-time updates required to web sites.
Build frameworks that will make future development easier.
Have the passion and hunger to figure out new technologies and continuously enhance your own skills.
Genuinely interested in improving skills to meet technical quality standards.
Willing to work with designers, developers, product owners and stakeholders to realize ideas and concepts.
Have the capacity to figure out how things work, and how to iterate on solutions that are forward-thinking, responsive and scalable.
Willing to work in agile and scrum environments.
Turn mockups into reality.
