Create web services components that follow industry-standard design patterns, development methodologies, and deployment models.
Assist in bringing excellent software to the ArcGIS platform.
Work closely with other developers to design and develop quality APIs that scale to millions of users.
Write comprehensive technical design specifications and support documentation.

Prioritize what we should build and when by collaborating with stakeholders on product vision and strategy.
Share ideas and receive feedback on new features through presentations each quarter before a new release.
Define how those features will work and look through close collaboration with engineers in design sessions, mockups, UX review, and usability testing.
Manage the release and sprint backlog through planning, backlog grooming, working with dev, and review.
Write detailed specification for stakeholders to review and provide feedback on.
Ensure successful build out of features and ensure users to be successful by tracking adoption/usage.
Drive each sprint through development, review, and testing.
See features through documentation, prioritization of bugs and enhancements, and usage analysis.

Write high-quality server-side code, create robust high-volume production applications, and develop prototypes quickly.
Collaborate with other engineers and designers to deliver strong customer-focused experiences.
Build and maintain backend solutions for client products in an Agile/Waterfall hybrid environment.
Maintain and deploy products in the cloud.
Manage cloud hosting environment, including database administration and scaling applications to support load changes.
Maintain product documentation for backend and development operations.

Design, implement, and iteratively improve backend services in Elixir.
Migrate our core terminal backend from Erlang to Elixir, and extend it.
Participate in API design and implementation for both internal APIs and those exposed to our devices and mobile application.
Help your team to deliver business value by taking decisions related to backend and actively participating in the product discussions.
Provide comprehensive documentation, good test coverage, and improve code quality.
Collaborate with other software, QA and sysops engineers to ensure smooth deployment, continuous integration, and support for the software that we deliver.
Actively participate in code reviews with other software engineers.

Leverage your understanding of QA methodologies and best practices to design, build and execute unit, functional and integration test cases.
Guide, define, document, present and manage quality assurance and test plans.
Work closely with software developers and systems engineers to perform all levels of testing, as well as be an integral part of solving complex system level challenges.
Write, implement, analyze and report test status for projects.
Keep abreast of current and new technologies and tools related to your field.
In-depth understanding of industry-leading QA tools, techniques, and platforms.
Knowledge of unit testing, automation testing, regression testing, end-to-end testing, etc.
Hands on experience working in a CI/CD environment.
Working knowledge of building out Automation Frameworks, knowledge of automation best practices.
Working knowledge of performance testing and bench marking.
Working knowledge of Agile/Scrum.

Implement new features that help users to successfully share their business, projects and ideas.
Enrich the Jimdo products by designing, building, and maintaining APIs, services, and systems.
Debug production issues across services and multiple levels of the stack.
Improve engineering standards, tooling, and processes.

Contribute to the team's work with high-quality, well-tested and scalable code.
Ensure code quality and maintainability by evolving architecture and tech stack, code reviews, refactoring, standards and improving build and test systems.
Coach, guide and mentor teams on architecture and technology choices.
Collaborate with the other Principal and Senior Engineers on identifying, managing and minimizing tech debt in the platform.
Consult Product Managers, UX and stakeholders on the impact of product ideas and possible implementations.
Share architecture knowledge, learnings and best practices with the teams and other architects within eBay.

Develop and maintain backend service for Weverse Shop and Weverse.
Manage large-scale web traffic for our global services.
Handle surges or spikes in web traffic.
Develop and operate new backend services.

Design & implement features robust enough for our exploding scale. We use a wide range of technologies including ElasticSearch, Kinesis, SQS, Lambda, Kubernetes, EMR & other NoSQL databases.
Drive the implementation of new features - break down complex problems into its bare essentials, translate this complexity into elegant design and create high quality, maintainable code.
Have some proficiency in developing ACH, credit card, and payment rails for consumer finance applications.
Mentor other engineers. Provide thoughtful guidance using code, design and architecture reviews.
Work cross functionally with other teams (product, marketing, analytics).
Thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic environment. You have a bias towards action and results.
Leverage a broad skill set and help us implement and learn new technologies quickly.
Provide and receive design and implementation evaluations and improve per iteration.
Design & deliver thoughtfully crafted REST APIs to drive the interactions between our client applications and backend services.
Debug production issues across our services infrastructure and multiple levels of our stack.

To scale our product across the entire US and beyond.
Solutions to protect sensitive patient data across our product ecosystem.
Collaborators to understand some of the more complicated challenges we have day-to-day.
Talented and passionate engineers.
More people to play ping pong with.

Develop and maintain backend service for Weverse Shop and Weverse.
Manage large-scale web traffic for our global services.
Handle surges or spikes in web traffic.
Develop and operate new backend services.

Write efficient back-end code that handles millions of users.
Define data models to support the user experience across multiple platforms.
Design elegant APIs to power our suite of apps.
Iterate and improve experiences periodically based on feedback.
Perform data engineering tasks to support our machine learning efforts.

Support members of your team in delivering back-end services with high availability, low latency and scalability.
Build robust and scalable software.
Design and create services and system architecture for your projects, and contribute and provide feedback to other team members.
Help improve our code quality through writing unit tests, automation and performing code reviews.
Participate in brainstorming sessions and contribute ideas to our technology, algorithms and products.
Work with the product and design teams to understand end-user requirements, formulate use cases, and then translate that into a pragmatic and effective technical solution.
Dive into difficult problems and successfully deliver results on schedule.

Experience building enterprise-scale backend REST services using an API-first paradigm.
Hands-on experience building services with Node.js.
Intimate knowledge of crafting highly performant database queries using frameworks like Sequelize, knex, or other query builders/ORMs.
Hands-on experience implementing relational database structures, including tables, indexes, views, etc.
Experience implementing NoSQL databases like MongoDB preferred.
A mindset towards building systems for the cloud and DevOps fundamentals.
Working knowledge of AWS cloud infrastructure, such as EC2 and RDS.
Hands-on understanding of virtualization and experience with Docker.
Focus towards building security, performance, and scalability into services from the beginning.
